Tjw first pass at  secdir comments (#155)
ietf-wg-dnsop/draft-ietf-dnsop-domain-verification-techniques: draft-ietf-dnsop-domain-verification-techniques.md

    _foo-challenge.example.com.  IN   TXT  "token=3419...3d206c4 expiry=2023-02-08T02:03:19+00:00"

> When a expiry time is specified, the value of "expiry" SHALL be in ISO 8601 format as specified in {{!RFC3339, Section 5.6}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an expiry time is specified, the value of "expiry" SHALL be in ISO 8601 format as specified in {{!RFC3339, Section 5.6}}.
```

#### GitHub {#github}

> GitHub asks you to create a DNS TXT record under `_github-challenge-ORGANIZATION.<YOUR_DOMAIN>`, where ORGANIZATION stands for the GitHub organization name {{GITHUB-TXT}}. Their systems will provide a string for the value of the TXT record, which will expire in 7 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify domains for organizations, GitHub asks the user to create a DNS TXT record under `_github-challenge-ORGANIZATION.<YOUR_DOMAIN>`, where ORGANIZATION stands for the GitHub organization name. The RDATA value for the provided record is a string that expires in 7 days {{GITHUB-TXT}}.
```
